Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#240)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/sdk-native/map-services-api/index.md

---
title: MapServices API Reference | Microsoft Docs

> description: Provides a reference of MapServices API through tables that outline details for various classes, enumerations, and interfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the MapServices API Reference section contains tables containing descriptions and links to more information for each of the MapServices classes, Enumerations and interfaces.
```
